hello to all youtube people
whoever is watching the video and
good today let's see how to make a
farm in minecraft then this though
you see that it is such a strange map and everything
what I have done apart
this always happens in all cases
It's worth it to start you need what
following
of course and the wheat is as well as what
I have English as wheat and many of
these wait
many fences berries then I will do
a lot of berries and in the way I put how
they do so that people do not know what
ask and well and of course two
animals of any kind is worth
I will use pigs for the case
we make many berries
After all, well, I 'll use, I'm not going to
make lifelong valleys
so good
meanwhile you will also need
a fence gate that I am also going to
say how a moment is done right away
I think this is going to be enough
so to see worth is denis the fence and
now you want to make a fence door
so you are going to do this you put a
here another one here here and here
and here he gave me two you're wooden you have
a fence gate to be able to open
lavalle all that
then you put yourself right here
and do the following build a mini
enclosure do not put the door to start
and you make a mini enclosure
roe
you make a mini enclosure
well I'm overruning mallet so I 'm going
to
of the shortest and such
right here
and well that guy is stupid was said no
do not enter you are silly that salt is worth
to have this closed and all that
and nothing here we have is a permitted place
no and now what everyone asks
how do we make pigs enter one
of pigs that are not stupid like this
from here, you take the wheat and I
put in your hand
and the pigs or serve you see me follow
and we go for a couple of pigs
occasions
but pig well and we have them follow us
to the place we want them to go
OK
let's continue towards the place worth
we let the pigs come in or who
want us to be and fast
came in and closed and now you say clear
but I have two pigs are these two
pigs you aisha each a little bit of
wheat
and good they do their thing that you guard for
favor and a mini pig is born
and nothing then up to five
minutes not the little pig will not grow in a
big pig not and when it's a pig
big can be played and so on and so
is when you want
that more than saying that in the case of
chickens I recommend more than anything good
in case of generating all the animals
make a mini pit because like that if they jump
what is said
so if they jump and they do not escape because
he passes me an egg of times he was
with a chicken he started to chase me and
because it has jumped what is and such
that touches the noses a lot
I recommend that it be
teaches two by two good two of
Under no circumstances
can very low
I'm here if I'm good like that under
no concept can
can go out is not the important thing not
come out
then we do two depth
ok we have this little hole and
rest assured that this will be put again
green and good as right now does not believe
do stairs because I'm lazy
I am
and so they do not escape in any way
and we have a pig farm here
in the case of the hen it is the same and
careful that in the case of sheep and
of the cows that I know like in herbs
and then they chew and they turn brown like that
go from green to brown worries them and
is that you can not die or abel
nothing so good
thanks for watching the video comment like
subscribe all that until next
kids